DOC-848: Document the new `language` UI in 5.9 (#2015)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: advanced/editor-command-identifiers.md

| Subscript            | Toggles subscript formatting to selection.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Cut                  | Cuts the selected contents and puts in into users clipboard.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| Copy                 | Copies the selected contents and puts in into users clipboard.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | Lang                 | Sets the language of the current selection. The value passed in should be an object described in [Content appearance options - `content_langs`]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#content_langs).                                                                              |

Reviewer: This link is also incorrect (and was incorrect previously as well).

> | ContentLang          | Sets the language of the current selection. The value passed should be an object like those in [Content appearance options - `content_langs`]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#content_langs).                                                                                 |

Reviewer: This is incorrect. The command name is `Lang` not `ContentLang`.
```suggestion
| Lang          | Sets the language of the current selection. The value passed should be an object like those in [Content appearance options - `content_langs`]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#content_langs).                                                                                 |
```

Reviewer 2: I believe we use "passed in" as well.

> | Lang                 | Sets the language of the current selection. The value passed in should be an object like those in [Content appearance options - `content_langs`]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#content_langs).                                                                              |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Lang                 | Sets the language of the current selection. The value passed in should be an object described in [Content appearance options - `content_langs`]({{site.baseurl}}/configure/editor-appearance/#content_langs).                                                                              |
```
